and welcome to the wan show ladies and
gentlemen the show where usually we talk
about tech and uh often we talk about
our own personal lives and occasionally
we run our mouths and
dig a really really deep hole for
ourselves and yes luke i did uh include
you in there i said we uh even though
you actually didn't say anything which
was a very very good decision that you
made at that time
i actually i tried to pull you back
multiple times yeah you did i you
actually did and that was one of the
things that made it all the more painful
to go back and re-watch that segment of
the show
uh next time if you could just because
i'm pretty sure the thing about okay so
here's the thing when you hire people
who you know have kind of like a sketchy
a sketchy past okay
you know when you when you know look i'm
not saying okay i'm not saying you have
a sketchy past i'm just saying that you
have the kind of knowledge that i might
expect from someone who has a bit of a
sketchy past okay so when you hire
someone like that you gotta assume that
they've got some kind of like you know
you know kill bot you know on your on
your network you know because just in
case you ever cross them right so next
time that happens this is why i'm
dragging you into this next time that
happens i all i ask is you just deploy
it just shut it down just shut her down
you know make make me think there's
technical difficulties
i love how the solution is not convince
you that you're wrong no no
no
no no you can't no you can convince me
i'm wrong but just do that later you
know you gotta hit you gotta hit the
emergency button you know it's there's
no time luke there's no time
i should have been i should have been
more sure i watched it back too and i
think yeah because there's there's quite
a few times where i was like
i don't know maybe he knows something
that i don't know
he didn't know anything luke
[Laughter]
you can see it in my face where i'm like
really i don't i'm not sure
no no no he knew nothing luke he knew
nothing and you should have you should
have trusted your instincts
okay
they've got stink in there but they
don't stink they're like they're in
like they stinked maybe they stunk
before but now they're good
you know you gotta you gotta trust them
we've got a great show for you guys
today um
apple has been um locking the phones
that have been stolen
um ncix us
is apparently
the website is back online
what do you got that's right that's
right steal that one you go ahead you
say it no you you have to say it now
just he's so excited about these guys
wait for it amd implies rdna 2 big navi
will release for pc before next gen
consoles calls it a halo product and
xeon 10 now wait wait wait does that
mean it's that that means does that mean
it's a buggy rehash of something they
did 10 years ago
got em
oof calling something a halo product
when it's for pc and not console hooray
got him got him neon 10 diameter intel
10 nanometer 24 core processor found on
geekbench found on geekbench more
prosperity we already have good stream
thumbs up in the chat i appreciate it
yeah thank you guys
appreciate you guys too good good
comment
good
[Laughter]
the comments video you guys uploaded on
floatplane after that when show oh it
was this whole comment section it was
unreadable it was unreadable all right
let's roll that intro roll that intro
ladies and gentlemen
ah
also you want to know a big rip oh yeah
the ltx20 emotes are
still
oh
i'm so sad i was like tweeting back and
forth with um
who was it i think it was the epos
uh i don't i don't have the thing so
i'll just put it like that i was
tweeting back and forth with epos uh on
on i guess twitter i guess that's where
you tweet things
it's been a long week okay uh so i was
tweeting with him and like
oh yeah and i was texting with uh steve
from gamersnexus and like both of them
just made me think of like ltx steve
like specifically brought it up and i'm
like
it hurts like i am so
bummed that we're not doing ltx this
year obviously it was the right call and
i should have made it earlier but
i i just
had so much fun last year and now that
it's a year later i honestly feel like
it was more fun
even than i felt like it was then like
you know how memories can make something
seem sweeter than it was even like
whether it was bad or whether it was
good in the first place memories kind of
can make it better
or worse but like yeah yeah i know what
you mean
you'll usually kind of shave off one
side or the other yeah but i just i had
i had such a good time last year and i
was i went back um not that long ago
because i forget what it was for but i
was watching some of the collab videos
that people had released like even ones
that i wasn't in or anything
um from ltx last year and just like
being like wow that was so cool just
having
probably more of the tech community all
together in one place then anything
other than
probably ces would be the only one i can
think of where there'd be more computex
is probably close but um
it's overseas for a lot of the north
american guys so at least within our
circle it's not as commonly traveled to
and especially in recent times because
so many creators have stopped attending
shows
yeah oh yeah for sure you're getting
more of those creators that have stopped
attending shows that are
well going to in the future probably and
also for 2019 attended ltx which is
pretty sweet there's still a lot of
people who didn't come this year are
like still supportive of 2021 they're
like yeah you know give me a year and
you know as long as we've got uh as long
as we've got that uh that covid vaccine
sorted out and all that good stuff and
as long as it's like safe to travel i'm
super down do you see marquez's tweet
about ces announcement that they're
going forward with an in-person event
they are
i know right i don't know if they've
backtracked on this since then but i can
head over to the ces website ces the
global stage for innovation
um
what is this
oh okay well that's confusing uh okay
let's go ahead and have a look yes yes
yep go ahead there's theory that ces was
the vector into the us in the first
place
really like there's some fairly
legitimate
that long ago at least
yeah because they don't really know when
it started
i imagine if it had been ces it would
have gotten a lot bigger a lot faster
though
everybody gets sick at ces
yeah
yeah hotels registration information
conference exhibitors
timeline is a little messed isn't it ces
is the largest tech show on the planet
huh yeah yep yep no i
uh yeah i
i'm not gonna be there i'll tell you
that much right now
um and uh unless there are people on my
on my team that really want to go then
no i'm not going to be sending anyone
over there it's just not what's
what's the point i mean that's something
that honestly i feel like i've
i knew already like i already got kind
of irritated when brands would want to
you know fly everyone in their dog who
has a very busy schedule to some place
so that they can put you up in a hotel
that i just look around i go like all
i'm doing is sleeping here like this
costs too much it doesn't make any sense
why are we all here when you could have
just given me a briefing over skype and
sent me a device because that's all i
actually care about i just want to know
about the product and i need my hands on
the product so that i can
see if i agree with what you're telling
me about the product that's that's it
and so this whole this whole song and
dance of like dinners and events and
stuff like that
um
it's never made a ton of sense to the
pragmatic side of me like obviously it's
nice to
it's nice to you know see people in the
industry that i don't otherwise get a
chance to see like that's that's one
good thing about it but from like a
brand standpoint i don't really
understand what the value is for them so
it's really made me even though it was
something i was already aware of it's
really made me rethink just how
necessary
any of this is
yeah um
just to just to jump back on it i i
found the investigations into
kovid being at ces and apparently it was
a thing
really
yeah
um fascinating
kind of interesting one of the earliest
vectors into the us and they're going
forward
yeah
all right well good luck good luck
ladies and gentlemen why don't we jump
into what was our first headline topic
for the day this was originally posted
on patently apple
apple has apparently been sending
messenger messages to
uh people who have stolen phones from
their apple stores so
i mean apple is kind of an obvious
target for any kind of uh you know
uh
looting behaviors because their products
well yeah they're they're high value and
not just high value one of the one of
the coolest things about an apple
product if you could think about it is
that it holds its value incredibly well
like yeah a great condition iphone is
worth maybe like that but that's not
sealed and brand new is worth maybe like
a few percent less than a brand new
sealed iphone
uh maybe five percent maybe ten whereas
if you buy like a game controller okay
you go buy an xbox controller and you go
try to flip that on craigslist or
facebook marketplace or whatever
i guarantee you you're taking a 25 hit
at least even if it's like perfect
condition
so yeah uh the one one thing to point
out here is that it's not clear whether
or not this was all of the devices it
might have just been the demo devices um
and demo devices do tend to run special
software so it's not
clear it's it's probably unlikely that
like your random iphone that you have at
home has this type of kill switch in it
um it's it's probably just the demo
phones but but still pretty interesting
several locations including apple stores
in minneapolis portland and phoenix were
reported to have been looted in response
apple has temporarily closed some of
those stores
and there's a photo shared on twitter
you guys can check it out there
that shows what is reported to be a
stolen iphone displaying this warning
message
please return to apple walnut street
this device has been disabled and is
being tracked
local authorities will be
alerted oops
yikes so
the lesson here is very simple you know
i'm not going to get philosophical about
you know stealing iphones or or whatever
but i will leave you guys with this if
you're going to steal something you
should steal something without a gps in
it
[Laughter]
okay that's it
that's all i think that's a universally
applicable lesson
that we can all appreciate
i did not think that was going there at
all
i'm not gonna
i'm not gonna not gonna get into the
whole you know
we ended up with a lot of controversy
okay when we had that discussion about
like uh movie and music piracy a little
while ago so i'm not even going to get
into you know stealing good stealing bad
i'm just going to give you a free tech
tip okay don't steal stuff with a gps in
it
and especially stuff with a gps in it
that has a serial number that is
hardware linked to the device that's
extra bad extra super bad so um
yep
good good good job like take pictures of
you while you hold it yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah that's both also that's a
pulsar
yeah that's bonus fail um
apple hasn't made any kind of comment so
we actually don't know
um for sure you know what the mechanism
is of this kill switch or whatever the
case may be but um we do know for sure
that they want that particular iphone
returned to apple walnut street yeah and
that also that it is being tracked
so tell me this luke
you're the person holding this phone
okay
nice what's your next step
don't put your
don't put yourself in their mindset
you're luke
you're luke lafreniere
oh wait i guess you got to put yourself
in their mindset a little bit okay so
you stole a phone
let's say took a phone okay i'm not even
gonna go that far you took a phone
okay maybe you thought someone needed it
back or whatever you know whatever
you're holding it you get this message
what do you do
uh well i mean if we're going under the
context that i stole it
um i'm going to do the you took it you
took it
i took it
from the apple store
i'm just not using the word stole you
took it
okay okay i mean the door wasn't locked
anyway
i i would i would eat
you would you just you would you would
you would toss it you'd get rid of it
yeah yeah okay i don't know i think
especially right now
i it would be it would be something to
get rid of so here's a question are you
making your life more difficult it's now
destruction of property yeah because
they've been tracking you
they've probably sent pictures back
okay are you actually so so that's yeah
i know remember we're talking tech tips
here we're sticking to tech tips
tech tips down below now i'm like now
recovering my
my
the phone that i yoked um
yeah that you yolk is that the past
tense
i don't know because i could get into
that
i like it i think i support this
yeah i think i'd take it back to the
store i guess i don't know
i lost do you think you're like oh wow i
bought this
from a
person okay but the store is closed
the store is presumably closed
leave it on the smashed counter just
leave it on the smashed counter here you
go yeah i don't know it's a weird
because they're closing all the other
stores this store is probably looted and
destroyed anyways so yeah i really don't
know like what
yeah leave it in the broken store
someone else will take it i guess that's
that's my move for sure 100
cause like
i actually don't know what the legal
ramifications of
taking something
taking it okay and then putting it back
bringing it back before you're ever
actually charged
i think i think you still
get charged okay but like well like i
mean well okay so forget from a legal
standpoint then from a moral standpoint
okay i have no idea so i i'm like real
mad at my neighbor because they put
their they dump their lawn clippings
over my fence for the last
[__] time okay so i'm mad at my
neighbor and i go and i take a bat and i
like smash his passenger side window in
his car okay because i'm i'm an angry
person like that
okay okay
i realize
oh you know what
that wasn't a nice thing to do because
yeah he's out of town for a week right
and it's gonna rain
and that's really a lot more damage than
i wanted to do so i'm a nice guy i
realize well this is a simple fix
because i conveniently have access to
his car because i can unlock the door
very easily now because there's a broken
window
i
pretend his car is mine i have the
window fixed i put it back exactly the
way it was
did i
morally speaking
did i commit a crime
remember remember when you when you
talked about how we got in a lot of
stuff for the for the piracy
conversation
are we are we going down that line we're
going to have a hypothetical we're going
to have a hypothetical conversation here
luke this is hypothetical okay does that
help i mean i think you're still morally
wrong
you think i'm still morally wrong
yeah i mean for one what about atonement
you damaged his property
you fixed it i did you also temporarily
stole it you presumably drove it around
or got it i could have had it towed i
could have had it towed i would not have
driven it you had it towed that is some
amount of increased wear on the vehicle
that's fair and that is use of his
property that he does not
uh
condone
um and what's what's saying that the
quality of the new window is up to par
with the quality of the preview what if
it was better
what if i got him like a tinted
okay no forget it it's it's just better
it's like it smells nice better for
whatever reason yeah it smells nice
it's a nice smelling window
yeah it's a
again
i i think that is the way to go about
the atonement angle
i still don't think it's morally right
if they but i think it's
redeeming if you know what i mean okay i
think
here's how i think it works i think it's
still up to them to press charges or not
yeah and then i think ultimately it's
gonna be a sentencing issue so it let's
say it was a much more severe crime that
you then atoned for and like kind of
wipes the slate back to fresh and no
one's the wiser um you know and let's
say it headed to a jury
i think the jury still has to convict
you but then when it's time for
sentencing that's where the leniency
comes in where they say well you know
normally the sentence for this would be
six years in prison or whatever but like
you know you the person you killed you
you brought them back to life exactly
like they were so i guess it's fine now
if you if you drove the vehicle away i
think that's like
grand theft auto
yeah
so it's really not great you're not
you're not doing good here right i think
i think
if i was arbiter of this situation i
think
the person who broke the window would be
morally wrong
but if they went and like got it fixed
and there was actually an improvement
and they apologized i think if you went
after them further
you're probably more like oh i'd say
nothing
if i like did that and then i fixed it
there's no way i'd apologize so now they
just have this like nice smelling window
yeah
okay forget about the nice smelling
window that's stupid it's just a window
yeah it's a normal window normal window
i think that definitely means you're
morally wrong okay yeah yeah morally
wrong but then morally right later but
but obviously it's less right than if
you hadn't done it in the first place
yeah
all right
so we can move on um
the moral of the story is
if your neighbor's car has gps
okay and a serial number then don't take
it
oh man and
especially if you do take it make sure
you bring it back with the windows
repaired
okay is is that fair to say that that is
the world story improvement
why don't we jump right into our next
topic here
um ncix us is back online ladies and
gentlemen oh yes okay okay
no no no you don't get to look at it yet
don't spoil it luke don't spoil it okay
hold on i just gotta add a window
capture here gotta get to get my get my
get my window captured
gotta have more windows okay
uh window capture yeah existing one
window capture two i don't know what
window capture two is but it's it's the
right thing so that was super lucky yay
let's just make that a 16 by nine ish
kind of thing we're looking at okay you
ready you ready
okay okay is it is it u.s it's not ncx
man that's such a it's such a reflex
it's something like muscle memory i
typed ncix.com into my browser yeah in
the u.s nobody cared about the us site
it was totally the red-headed stepchild
um
ncixus.com
here we go
three two one
enter
you ready for it guys doesn't load that
fast
it's not funny because the whole show is
trying to access oh wait are you guys
going to ruin this for everybody
oh damn oh it's floating
okay there we go here we go oh yeah you
see that hot pepper action
sale
sales
i think they mean save 40 to 80 percent
okay
great discounts on the hottest items we
got that pepper you got a hurry to buy
and you buy some pepper hold on let's
have a look at what we got in here oh
final sale
16 gig a series walkman video mp3
all right
should i buy one
what even
is this
okay so we got that uh what else we got
we got the eight gig e series walkman's
videos it's like a drop ship site now
okay hold on hold on luke we're
exploring together i actually have not
looked at it you could be about us look
at the about us are they about us
hanover street
call is free sales example.com
[Laughter]
oh no about company hold on let's let's
let's find out about us hey this is
actually the original url in cigs.com
contact oh wait no it might have been
contact us you guys come on guys
everyone watching the show you guys you
got to get off the site so that we can
all enjoy it together here all right
you gotta you gotta help me out here
okay my wan show brethren what else we
got we got thirty dollar white t-shirt
okay
uh you know what i know where you can i
know where you can get a better deal on
a t-shirt
i buy a lot ltdstore.com by the way this
is your opportunity to vote guys
you want me to shave the beard you got
to get the clean shirt
if you love the beard you got to get the
beard shirt which everyone sells more
is what i'm gonna keep for the rest of
the year right now
i actually have no idea um nick doesn't
nick doesn't tell me anything anymore
you should call them they're open for
one minute no way are they open
okay hold on a second 6 pm on friday
there's no open for one minute there's
no oh they're well they're in new york
well i mean maybe in new york we can
give it a shot though we can give it a
shot okay here hold on a second
uh
okay
it's free it's free to call apparently
call is free
all right here we go ladies and
gentlemen
i just i wanna i wanna
in service at know
moment okay
not in service not in service i mean are
we surprised luke are we really that
surprised i mean sales at example.com do
you think you're gonna get a bounce back
luke
i think you're maybe gonna get a bounce
back
also i find it interesting
oh
so even even the address and everything
is
is fake oh oh
do you what about the reviews you guys
have the best customer service known to
man i have always been impressed with
how fast you help us out meanwhile the
comment is from november 2013.
yeah because like i noticed that the how
to reach us it's so awkwardly specific
we are located near hanover street bus
stop once you get off the bus
walk towards the bank and turn left by
the entrance walk 200 meters and turn
right now go down the street until you
see the demo store sign enter the doors
under this sign what seriously
that's ridiculously specific i mean
for all i know maybe that's a totally
normal thing for new york-based stores
because it can be a bit of a maze there
i i will say that
look at look at uh just highlight your
mouse over the video games category uh
yeah none of those none of those things
at the top load
okay video games nintendo wii
playstation 3 playstation vita x
x dash box one
and what's with these brands like if we
go on the on the main page i had it
loaded before but i'm having a bit of a
hard time now but the the brands that
they carry
are so
random like yeah holy crap creative zen
touch to contact us for price
are you even kidding
like price too low to show
wildwood city classic bike
the page is just like basically
completely dead for me now unfortunately
at this point but i was having way too
much fun with this and i would have
loved to enjoy it some more yes cell
phones apple iphone htc motorola nokia
samsung you know what's kind of bizarre
though luke
is some of these things
actually look kind of weirdly
familiar
like
mp3 speaker systems right
who would call it mp3 speaker system
that's not a terminology that's like
ever been used by anyone ever
except ncix
part of me is actually kind of wondering
if
if some aspect of this is running on the
nci x back end
it could also just be like like i
if they're trying to launch it like if
this demo store thing whatever whatever
company actually
powered by multi-vendor shopping cart
software simtek
yeah maybe not then maybe not
yeah it's just weird yeah so this brand
stuff so the the logo the four boxes
with the one extra box thing and all
that kind of stuff that is this
cs cart like uh like pre-done framework
thingy that they're using
okay like the similar products one
uh no just the logo the demo store thing
so like whatever platform they're
running yeah or or framework or whatever
this is yeah um they they could have
just tried to port whatever they had
over
interesting
and like ncx had
console stuff they did they did and it
was like the the generation of stuff is
like kind of right
yeah
it's really weird like and things like
like grouping grouping printers and
scanners together
like i'm pretty sure that's a thing we
did it's been a long time
it's all stuff like apparel and sports
and outdoors is probably just extra
categories that came with the demo store
software yeah that kind of makes sense
and i'm just like i'm looking at some of
this weird stuff like the
okay i don't i don't know i don't know
about like the
a series walkman video i don't know if
that's like the kind of random dead
stock thing that might have still been
showing you know in stock or something
like that and as far as i can tell
there's no reference to the type of sku
numbers that i know that ncix used so
it's hard for me to say exactly what's
going on here
but
it's really weird
really weird i can say that much for
sure
home slash brand is a really weird mix
of like
the most generic companies that someone
would throw on something ever
plus like
d-link in cisco
because
there's some nc stuff in there you know
what i mean yeah they have microsoft but
then they have like mont blanc
really weird okay my mp3 oh what is it
home slash brand
i think so
the page is having a lot of issues for
me
yeah i'm having a real hard time here
i think we hugged it a little bit yeah i
think we love hugged it to death okay
well that's fine i i can i can live with
what we've seen so far i think that's uh
you know
here's what i'll say good luck guys
i truly do wish you the best of luck
with the
um
the the the
the offshoot and really never very
successful
domain
um
for the u.s that never had anything in
stock of mine if you if you implement it
uh go to where sorry
cs-cart.com you don't actually need to
go um and you
go through their marketplace software
and you select demo
which is
the specific
demo store we're seeing that everywhere
one of their options once you jump
through it if you select all the things
that you would select if you were ncx
once you get to option five there's i'm
migrating from another ecommerce
platform data transfer
interesting
i'm
yeah here i'm just gonna bring this back
up i'm migrating data transfer required
okay
you know what though i really doubt that
there'd be
i mean i guess it would all just be like
at the end of the day there would be a
database
solution of some sort i like i never
obviously poked around and so ncix's was
custom coded for better or for worse it
was their own homebrew thing
mostly worse um
and so but even if it was like some
weirdo random thing
the database would contain fields that
could be i guess
if if you're willing to get manual
enough with it could be ingested into
someone else's platform things like sku
or vendor part number or description or
color they didn't have a field for color
it's like oh really that was why we had
to have separate product pages for every
single variant of a device i remember
that like oh man that's weird
there were advantages to doing it that
way you know it meant that when uh when
a person went on a product page and it
said in stock it was like definitely in
stock not like some variants of it are
in stock except when it wasn't in stock
because our stock wasn't accurate a lot
of the time like except for that
um i still remember like the amount of
pushback internally when the decision
was made by the higher ups to start
reflecting
um in stock at a nearby supplier as in
stock on the website
or in stock at one of our retail stores
as in stock on the website because what
that meant was people would order
something thinking it's going to ship
right away
and most of the time like we could do
store transfers we had trucks going
every day to every store
but most of the time
the
the purchaser would like
try to bring one in from outside because
it's actually very time consuming to do
inter-store transfers and it would take
a couple of days and people would then
get mad it's like
come on and even if you do have it in
stock at the store generally speaking
trucks went out in the morning and then
back at the end of the day or to the
back no they went to each store and then
back so if it was one of the stores that
you hit in the morning then it might go
out that day but if it was one of the
stores that you hit near the end of the
day then it wouldn't go out that day and
it would be delayed by at least a day so
people would get mad about that as well
it was just it was just stupid there's a
bunch of pushback but we never changed
it and it created so many customer
service issues and it was just totally
unnecessary and lttstore.com will never
treat you that way
when we say we're in stock we are in
stock except when we like actually
aren't because it says guys this is a
pre-printed thing and i had someone
chase me about a a pre-printed shirt um
pretty aggressively like wait why isn't
it here yet like well because we said it
was a pre-order campaign for
um we didn't say it would be there yet
i'm sorry
i found
ncxus.com on the wayback machine from
2014. nice you want to send me that link
um hit me on
hangouts that would be the easiest thing
for me to copy into a thing
when's the okay so this is actually from
2016 but the site was still
all right
hit me up
i can't believe how long that website
was up and like seemingly still taking
orders after they had declared
bankruptcy and there was no hope of it
coming back
yeah
that was absolutely ridiculous
that like
should have been a much bigger problem i
think
waiting for
hang us the world oh seriously
oh right i guess you probably don't have
that uh that their browser window open
there bud
gotta get that get that there browser
window open bud
oh my goodness
every module has to take three years to
load there we go i believe in you
all right here we go you guys ready to
go way back we're gonna go back on the
way back machine
ncix us
wow look at this this is their stop by
products look at these categories yeah
yeah yeah
i know what it is
i just
you know i know
i didn't link you to the home page okay
so printers and scanners okay so control
f
printer
i didn't see the mp3 speaker thing no
okay okay so maybe this is just
someone else
oh i missed the oh i missed the sale
event art that's a weird thing to be
nostalgic about maybe
hey tom
you know what ah
i know there used to be a website where
he archived all that stuff
uh oh man what was it called
ncix banner vault
some power up for the playoff sales
event slashing prices
free shipping over a hundred dollars
whoa i think it actually might have
been on thebannervault.com
it's gone
it's gone yeah so here's a thread here's
a thread from our forum from a thousand
years ago um
thebannervault.com but unfortunately the
bannervault.com is
down
see ya bannervault.com it was nice
knowing ya
yeah so in net linked weekly episode 1
you mention it and it is in the
description
huh all right well that's a shame yeah
they were really cool he would spend
pretty much most of his week on the sale
banner um so like most of the beginning
of the week so it was like three days
worth of artwork and i really liked his
style
and then he would work on sort of other
graphic designer stuff on the other
couple of days i wonder what happened to
him he was he was a good he was a good
egg i really liked him
really easy to work with
i mean i i there's a few people there
that like i really miss and they just
did not deserve to go down with that
ship
at all
yeah hopefully he's doing all right
all right why don't we move on to some
more tech news here ladies and gentlemen
after this message from our sponsor bam
see i got him out of nowhere like that
head over to joinhoney.com
why would you do that you might ask
to join honey what's wrong with you it's
not obvious
joinhoney.com what do you think it does
it's like you know
ncixus.com you you know it means ncix
wait no that's not what that means but
but join honey.com definitely means join
honey honey is the free shopping tool
that finds the best promo codes whenever
you shop online at supported sites
including amazon ebay new egg razor best
by walmart and
more those of you who downloaded honey
from our link saved over 100 grand in
the past few months
and honey is free because they make
their commission from the sites where
you shop where they're saving you money
rather than from you
i love other features of honey not just
the fact that they'll apply every
available coupon code and see if you
could have gotten a better price but
also that they have things like um price
history so you can tell if you're even
getting a good deal at the lowest price
that it is today so why wait get honey
for free it's just a couple of clicks to
install it in your browser at
joinhoney.com
linus
also brought to you by now i'll do the
other one first ridge wallet stop
carrying pointless items around in your
pocket like receipts old hotel rooms oh
wow i have the okay uh nope can you uh
can you do the uh need for seat one i
will be right back do you have the
target points one sec i can get them
need for seat is a dealer of maxnomic
gaming chairs these chairs are great
comfortable and reliable
they have a variety of sizes and
selections for everyone they also offer
a custom embroidery service cool
interesting uh they have a 30-day return
policy and a two-year warranty you can
check them out at what is hopefully yes
the link below
fantastic
um
and that's that's uh
that's all i have for you for need for
seat
i believe
yes
my
office chair
at linus tech tips office which i have
not sat in in a while now is a maxonic
fairly comfy
has served me for a long time at this
point i don't know what he's searching
for
uh some people have pointed out that the
bannervault.com
is accessible on the wayback machine we
probably should have thought about that
while we were on the way back machine
but you know whatever
and some yeah some of these banners are
freaking legit man
i don't know it's cool
i i genuinely liked this stuff
i i used to look at every single
they had a sale every week
by the way
um
and i used to look at every single sale
banner
all right well bummer
oh sorry were you done
i've done the need for seating i was
pointing out that someone pointed out to
me in chat that the bannervault.com is
on the wayback machine oh cool
okay well that's great uh yeah need for
seat need for seat maxnomic gaming
chairs uh yeah i love them and they have
custom embroidery service that same
chair that i reviewed five years ago is
still my daily driver it still looks and
feels great
yeah i pointed out that my
office chair at
the lion detective's office is a maximum
uh okay
and sponsor
the other one ridge wallet yeah i i
found my old wallet from like university
the other day because i was yeah i
emptied out my attic a little while ago
and there was so much pointless garbage
in it i have a future shop store credit
um
what else did i have in there i had like
i had not just my go card so that's like
our student uh transit pass but i had my
wife's old go card from when we were in
university like an expired one of hers i
guess cause like
you gotta remember back then like
printing out a picture was not as
trivial as it is today it was like the
only it was like the picture of her
ahead of my wallet which is sort of
pathetic i guess um
what else did i have in there
obviously i wouldn't show this but i had
an old driver's license in there
so that was pretty cool anyway it was
just kind of neat and it reminded me of
ridge wallet because i had a lot of
really pointless garbage i had like
business cards from like random things
that i would never consider caring about
at all
um i had oh i had all my old like uh
life-saving certificates in there my
super expired like cpr certificate and
uh like water safety instructor and like
all that kind of crap so anyway ridge
wallet helps you not do that they help
you carry less
they use two metal plates that are bound
together by a strong elastic band to
help you keep your cards tightly
together but still accessible they're
rfid blocking they offer a lifetime
guarantee and they're available in
aluminum carbon fiber and titanium they
don't just sell wallets they have
battery banks bags smartphone covers and
more and of ridgeball it's great as a
father's day gift ps is coming up june
21st holy crap it's coming up on june
21st i gotta
i probably don't need to do much i think
my dad's pretty chill use offer code
linus to save 10 on everything at
ridge.com
linus
there we go
you know what could be i don't know i
i've i have rethought this and i i no
longer longer think it's that amazing
but
looking at this
ncx a hammer a hammer that acts that can
do everything right
that's what he bought first dad long
time ago never got it kickstarter
that was for christmas okay sorry
whatever
um but yeah it i
yeah it's not as cool it's a bad gift
and you're a bad son either way i
thought i thought uh
going to way back machine versions of
like computer hardware websites
and configuring a computer on there that
costs a certain amount and then
configuring a computer now that costs a
certain amount that's a really cool idea
i love it
my only reason why i thought it might
not be that crazy is because you could
literally just go back to your videos
from that era
wow
what a dick
[Music]
i guess you couldn't bench that computer
against current things huh what a dick
benefits sovereignty so rude so i guess
you know i don't know maybe you don't
need to do that because you probably
remember what it was like when dinosaurs
roamed the earth
what this what this isn't even that long
i understand you i understand you fam i
understand you
i know what happened 2016 the horrible
year
when man ran from dinosaurs yeah when
the the dinosaurs they they fast you got
to watch out they're fast
all right we've got some more tech news
for you guys uh amd implies rdna 2 big
navi is going to release four pc before
the next gen consoles calling it a halo
product so that would mean it should be
coming in the next few months given how
few
um
like engineering boards showing up on
like you know shipping
um
what they called like uh not commercial
invoices what's the other thing that a
shipping thing comes with packing lists
like shipping packing lists and stuff uh
given how few of those we've seen um
i don't know it seems like
uh that's kind of hard to believe but
also you never know
um and if they say they're going to do
it i mean they've kind of delivered on a
lot of stuff lately
so when asked by a host blah blah blah
ambi cfo davinder kumar said we should
how should we think about andy's gpu
roadmap he's map he said taking the same
approach for gpus that they took on the
cpu side interesting so there's a lot of
excitement for navi 2
or what our fans have dubbed big navi
and it's a halo product which means that
we can expect it to compete at the top
end of the graphics card market with
that said
uh it's been so long since amd has had a
competitive product in that segment that
and okay
you know it's really hard when you've
kind of had a relationship with not just
the brand like not just the logo but
just with like the people at a company
for so many years
it's hard to put that history aside but
i'll say this you know there's probably
a reason that dr sue was the highest
paid ceo i think it was last year you
see that article no she made like 56
million dollars or something like that
with all the performance-based bonuses
her base salary is actually very
reasonable
um
going to dunker for this year
i think that's different though because
i think that wasn't a performance-based
bonus
yeah but it hold on a second let's see
i'm just gonna just gonna check my my
source here so
blah blah in the s p 500 last year
earned a total of 58.5 million
um almost 13 million more than whatever
yeah so it i guess it depends on how
it's classified is his bonus just like
uh like how is that how is that possibly
more than what bezos got paid
well bezos might have cashed in stock
that he owned
but that was not necessarily his
compensation or
or gained more stock potentially
yeah but i okay all right all right look
look look look hold on a second give me
a sec okay
one million in base salary
1.2 million in performance-based bonus
ah man you're making my life difficult
here
sorry there's just there's a lot of
different ways that ceos get compensated
and this might just be sort of like one
basic way 150 billion dollars yes yes
yes yes yes yes yes
okay
that's not gained by uh this is making
that's so unpredictably ridiculous it is
is a lot of money anyway the point is
the point i'm trying to make whatever
she got paid a lot and it was all
performance-based bonuses the company is
a different company under her as far as
i can tell so even though all these
years of you know interacting with amd
i've been sort of strung along strong
along it's gonna be really good this
time it's gonna be really good this time
it's gonna be really good this time i've
been strung along and disappointed a lot
of times
hasn't happened a lot lately
so maybe this will be different maybe
it's going to be awesome
let's let's hope for the best because
you know whether it's nvidia's pricing
or whether it's their you know
relationship with
sony and microsoft that's a weird one
you know microsoft whatever it is
nvidia doesn't seem to be even
interested in competing in consoles at
least not at whatever margins they can
make on them so the better amd does the
better an entire generation of gaming
hardware is going to be and the better
the target that game developers are
going to be
aiming at with the quality of their
games and therefore the better they're
going to look on the pc so i'm rooting
for big navi
there they do switch
that's true
nvidia is in the switch i i forgot about
that and there's kind of a lot of
switches being pumped out
that's true but the switch doesn't
dictate the visual fidelity of an entire
generation of games
totally i'm just saying it's it's not
like nvidia's out of the console space
technically that's true the switch
yeah
and the switch
yeah and not the wii u before it or the
wii or the gamecube before that
the switch
yep they got that one
they're technically in there
so they remain on track to launch next
generation zen 3 and rd and a2 gpus in
late 2020
um regarding who they'll be for blah
blah blah all the way up to enthusiast
larger ecosystem
man these are a lot of very dense notes
with not a lot of like
take away here but thanks anyway anthony
oh yeah that's okay that would be an
anthony thing that's the thing is like
as much as our writing staff adds so
much expertise to our team they're i'm
i'm 100 sure that there's still a value
to having me there just to make it
digestible sometimes
you anthony
uh one of our other uh one of our other
actually pretty exciting look at looking
topics uh zeon 10 nanometer this is from
alex uh who posted in here and it's uh
william cll on the forum
uh there were three geekben
geekbench geekbench four submissions of
an ice lake desktop cpu that appear to
be server cpus and by desktop i don't
mean desktop versus server i mean like
not a laptop
um so they have rumored support for pcie
4.0 and ddr4 3200 and the specs that
we've got from this geekbench poll are
24 cores 48 threads base clock of 2.2
gigahertz boost of 2.9
uh
i can't add up all this cash in my head
32 kilobytes times 24 go luke
that's the level one instruction cache
okay you ready for the level one data
cache 48 kilobytes times 24. okay add
that to the previous one level two cash
1.25 megabytes times 24 and then we've
got a level three cache that's 36. and
what is it
i have no idea oh all right you tried uh
so the iceland chips
4 100 points single threaded for context
intel's current 14 nanometer xeon gold
6212u
scores 47.72 so that's faster but the
new ice lake is much faster in
multi-thread at about 9.2 percent faster
so yeah um
that's neat i guess
and
nice we got an answer from chat somebody
said it's exactly 69 bites
shut up
perfect it is not
beautiful had enough i've had enough
i've had enough of your attitude and
i've had enough of your lies
check i heard when they announced the uh
intel core 10
10 420 that it will have exactly
469 bytes of uh of cash how much fun
would it be if intel actually had enough
personality to do something like that
i'm not i'm not even like like a pothead
or whatever like i to me 420 is just
like it's just like
like
like it's just a meme right it's just a
number but like a green spreader just
yeah exactly just like
having enough personality to just be
like you know lol we did something
and there's gonna be some people mad but
we just like issue a statement be like
yeah you know we're sorry you're so
you're sorry you're mad you know just
issue like a total non-apology for it
and move on because realistically at the
end of the day people don't buy cpus
based on
like their close relationship with the
the the values of the brand
what at least i i don't um then again
maybe maybe some people do uh so you
know i can't i can't imagine you'd lose
that many customers based on just doing
like a silly edition cpu once in a while
but again you know what what do i know
right like look at all the pr disasters
i've created for myself this week so i'm
the last person i'm the last person they
should put in charge of marketing
it would be okay so the the memory of
the numbers aside yeah it would be kind
of fun if every once in a while they
they release like really limited runs
just
weird processors
they just they they just can't do it and
i don't i don't know why like it's not
like they don't have ideas like doing uh
you know uh uh uh an anodized black
integrated heat spreader for example
it's just like the the machine the
machine is just too big
to do
even 10 000 units or something imagine
the extreme editions had anodized black
they should they even have artwork they
even have artwork of them that kind of
like look like they're darker yeah of
course they do they know it would be
cool
that would be so cool
like do you remember we did that
gold-plated 8086
the core i7 8086
dude just imagine like anodized black
with a gold-plated
gold-plated uh skull trail skull on it i
know right that would be the sickest
looking processor
ever just like
oh my god i know like that's the kind of
thing that i'd be like ah sorry how much
more is this than the one i like how
much am i going to lose selling my
current one like how much more does this
cost
am i in it for like 70 bucks like i'd
kind of think about it
yeah but for whatever reason it's hard
to be cool and i guess i get it
um i just oh man that would be so sweet
like there isn't even that much stuff
that gets me like that excited with
computer and you'll never even see it
because it's like hidden
yeah
doesn't even matter it's just so cool
all right we've got a couple of other
things vegetable stew on the forum
posted this since 2012 apple has been
attempting to automate installing micro
screws for the assembly of iphones and
search so here's a quote from the apple
engineers building a robot that can
fasten screws is among the hardest
challenges in the industry a robot must
pick up the screw at a specific angle
and align it with a hole using multiple
industrial cameras apple uses screws
that are so tiny that robots had no way
to measure the force used to drill them
in whereas by contrast human workers can
feel the resistance from their hand and
can tell when something is off it might
seem like getting a robot to do
something as simple as install a screw
should be very simple but even just
picking up a screw in the right
orientation can be very difficult in
2014 apple attempted to automate the
assembly of the 12-inch macbook but they
eventually stopped because the 88 screws
in the keyboard kept malfunctioning
leading to a delay and release of six
months
um so anthony included some notes here
thinking about the force to require uh
required to install like an uh an m2 or
an m1 screw it's like basically nothing
and really fiddly um getting the robot
to tell the difference between cross
threading that or just like a generous
portion of loctite sounds almost
impossible so that's just a cool news
item i have no idea what we were
supposed to say about that anthony but
thank you for contributing or alex thank
you for contributing that uh do you want
to talk about fog gaming
sure it's pretty [__] up
are close to your house
that actually sounds pretty cool luke i
think you're being a hater
but it's like i think you're gonna end
up making an apology video
but they're
maybe i will because maybe i don't
understand what's going on that would be
very very fair but as far as i can tell
it's basically just cloud gaming for
only people in japan
yes okay so
maybe even more local than that
maybe it's only people within like a
certain vicinity of this previous arcade
so what they're doing it's it's a cool
idea hopefully
so they don't have to close these down
completely but sega has around 200
arcades spread across japan and they've
been pretty unused due to well you know
coveted stuff just the reason why almost
every storefront has been pretty unused
yeah
so i've been trying to think about
something to do with the servers and the
pcs that they have in those centers and
hopefully try to monetize a little bit
if they can right so they came up with
this whole idea of fog gaming where it's
cloud gaming
right it's still cloud gaming
but these local arcades are the things
that are powering it so the data center
is super close
essentially because it's the arc yeah
because it's not a data center it's just
like it's actually a few blocks over
yeah
i think it's i think it's super cool i
mean i don't necessarily know that
sega's implementation is super exciting
to me i don't live in japan
yeah and whatever like games they're
running i i have i have no idea if i
would care about any of them but
imagining sort of a future
uh where it almost sounds like the kind
of thing that you know someone's going
to try and build on the blockchain or
something like that like where you can
contribute your gpu power to someone
else
gaming and join this like
gaming network or something um
kind of like the the the tesla's idea of
like you can rent your car while you're
not using it exactly so it's like
instead of like so nvidia they've got
their like geforce gtx or rtx where you
like buy the hardware then they've got
their g-force now where you can like
rent the hardware then they've got their
like g-force everywhere where it's like
you can kind of like like an electrical
grid right you could uh pay to use the
grid
or you could contribute any access back
to the grid so if you look at like the
really cool demos that microsoft did
where they were offloading some of the
processing to the cloud like back when
they first launched the xbox one x
it's not impossible to imagine a future
where i could have let's say an rtx 2060
for example and i could go oh gee you
know what i really want to enjoy some
game x
in the highest possible fidelity and my
neighbors aren't using their rtx 2080s
and all of a sudden i can i can take
their processing power and use it to
power my game i mean probably that's
completely unfeasible but maybe one
neighbor as long as the connection
between me and them is good i could sort
of have a temporary graphics card
upgrade and then maybe at some other
time you know someone with integrated
graphics on their laptop
could use my rtx 2060 for like a lower
rate of return right so i obviously
wouldn't get to loan my card out for as
much and then i would have to kind of
pay the difference if i wanted to loan
even more power to myself but that that
would be pretty cool like a fog gaming
concept like that would
not eliminate the latency problems
there'd still be latency especially if
you're the kind of person who's a
competitive gamer
it's
unlikely to me that we're ever going to
get to the point where playing on
anything other than local hardware is
going to give you the ultimate
competitive edge
but for just playing like casual games
it's it's hard to say ever because like
in in like 40 years who knows what's
even gonna be going on but like speed of
light luke speed of light right
unless they're gonna put a data center
on every city block ain't happening
i mean they could do that they could do
that just start putting them all
underground and just everywhere that
nothing's impossible you're right
but
there's nothing you can do about
physical distance other than bring the
compute closer to the user and this
could conceivably be a way to do it
yeah
there's
at least one person in in chat that's
freaking out about starlink to do with
this i don't i think with starlink
i mean style is great i'm not talking
down on starlink but that this would not
that's not that would not be a fog style
if you wanted to do something like that
over starlink whoa for one mm-hmm for
two you would just do traditional cloud
gaming for sure yep
yep
light and fiber does not move the speed
of light we know it's okay don't worry
about it it's fine
there are there are still practical
limitations to how fast it can move
that's the point
yep yep corsair recalling power supplies
yeah
that's very boring core survey called
some power supplies they had a bad batch
um yeah i mostly just wanted to like
tell people yeah it's like an sfx series
one you probably don't have one um
october 2019 to march 2020 they had some
bad ones
um there's a new aio from thermaltake
that cools your cpu and ram i'm sort of
afraid to look at the picture of it here
we go here we go
wow
it's i bet it's just got to be a block
of rgb that's my yup
yeah
nailed it
nailed it thank you luke for that
did you how far how deep into your
crystal ball did you have to look to see
that one
it was pretty surface level not gonna
lie
all right and then you had some thoughts
on the uh kyle halliday.com raytracing
in notepad
uh post here just just don't back
yourself into a corner where you have to
issue an apology video here that's all i
ask luke uh it's it's i mean
it's cool i think one of one of the
notes
says holidays project uh great name for
a software developer by the way holidays
project is a great showcase of what can
be achieved by combining little hacks
and that's i mean
yeah
it's super neat oh it's like i don't i
don't want anyone to be like oh my god
is there going to be games in notepad he
never says that
no one else is saying that
i don't want literally no one is saying
that
no one no one is it it's a really cool
little hacky project i like things like
this they're fun
um
built like a snake game with it that's
neat it's pretty cool
it's it's like yeah
i i this kind of stuff is is cool um
but yeah right just like someone's like
fog gaming and starlink i just you know
don't jump too far with it
it's a very cool adorable state game
though
i kind of love it
yeah
wow with the line spacing
you really run into trouble
with the
with the uh the speed of the snake when
you're going up and down versus side to
side
i mean he never said the gameplay was
great
no no no no but it is cool
it's really interesting how he got there
um
it's yeah this kind of stuff is really
fun this is a really cool way to get
into
if you if this looks interesting to you
there's a really cool way to get into
software development and and learning
how to like be hacky with things in in
cool productive ways
well not necessarily super productive in
this in this case but
it all depends on how you've defined
cool
also that but i think it's cool like i
probably wouldn't i probably wouldn't
whip out my my blog at like the bar
to
depends which bar
yeah honestly this snake game could go
really far in the right bar
says someone who is really
a very large amount of time in barcelona
yeah i i know for a fact that you know
very little about how bars work then
again
i know very little about how bars work
too
i know you got to pass one if you want
to be a lawyer
i've got that i know that you you got to
do it again if you want to reinforce
concrete
um
okay yeah rebar
yeah no that was good
i uh
yeah i assume there's bars in silicon
valley where if you whipped out your
snake game and notepad you'd have a
crowd like almost immediately okay all
right
and on that note
i think this would this would
do great yeah
so there you guys have it uh luke's
pickup tips here on the lan show
why try them out try them out it could
work if you find the right person it
could work all right uh let's do a
couple super chats yusuji says i think i
played a significant role in the recent
twitter drama and wanted to apologize oh
no no don't worry you're good you're
good it's all good
when they lose the snake game it could
print on screen
like you lost the game but you could win
a date with me
oh lordy
oh man
terrible
it's funny because i made it worse i
reduced your chances
don't do that part do the first part
though
oh this is kind of crazy
the internet archive
uh is being
sued
what by who
um okay when internet archive announced
it was creating a national emergency
library temporarily suspending waitlists
to borrow ebooks and had a pandemic a
crowd of writers and publishers made
their
um
reflection if you do
please film it and show me okay i don't
know enough about this to comment on it
yet but thank you for your super chat i
will try and have a look at it later um
thanks metal gappy
uh thanks your reg tara day
um
chris mckenzie says great value super
chat
i guess it's up to you i mean i guess it
was two bucks he didn't really invest
much so there's that uh robert mail says
won't be able to watch live this month
pretend this super chat is something
topic relevant also
mc.ltt.gg thanks robert
literally pays me to promote my own
minecraft server
he seems to be very confused about how
this works but that's okay it's adorable
um
qadhafi says two bones for linus's beard
leveling up thank you
uh james
hey linus i spent a decent amount of
money on supers to ask questions that
often don't get answered
wow you really wasted this one no just
kidding there's a question in here would
you consider doing videos or streams
dedicated to responding to missed supers
oh oh wow no you really did waste it wow
what a bummer i really i saw it this
time and
uh the answer is no i'm afraid oh crap
this is awkward um
yeah no i mean
i i do stream uh games
like uh like beat saber and stuff and if
people ask me questions during those i
like try to answer them and it tends to
be a much smaller crowd because wan show
is like
between 10 and 15 000 viewers typically
so chat moves too fast like even the
super chat moves too fast sometimes
whereas those streams get like hundreds
of viewers by comparison
um
impulsiveness says i recently started
watching your vids because i'm going to
buy and build my own
any tips
um watch more vids watch more vids yeah
and save your money buy a better pc
instead of sending super chats to um
ungrateful youtubers
there you go that's a free tech tip i i
have
it's like i haven't had enough shooting
myself in the foot for one week you know
i gotta keep going
that if you send more super chats in
higher values
your computer goes faster did you hear
that who'd you hear that
the sending of the super chat alleviates
some of the weight on the ram sub system
of your computer yeah who'd you hear
that from giving you more ram
uh don't listen to lyle he lies
you've all heard that downloading ram
doesn't work
uploading ram however highly effective
yeah so the harder you get rammed by
wasting your money on someone's super
chats the more ram you have
yeah
that's that's pretty graphic all right
uh tommy gunn says can you do a build in
your old dj07 loved that case no one
using it anymore that would be pretty
fun um it's actually it's actually right
behind me uh under this pile of stuff
yeah you guys can kind of see the pile
back there um but probably not anytime
soon
all right uh robert says my ram shows 16
gigs eight usable
do you think it's a bad cpu
man that's weird i feel like i've seen
that before but i don't remember where
if you're using onboard memory i still i
don't think an onboard gpus can even
allow you to allocate like eight gigs to
it
am i wrong is that
possible actually can you can you
allocate eight gigs of ram to your
onboard memory or to your onboard gpu
i have no idea i can't uh you know what
i'm sure someone else in the post it on
the forum you gotta post on linus tech
tips forum uh thanks mike adams all
right just gonna do a couple more here
uh hugh holmes asks can an ltt shirt
save my marriage
the best way to save your marriage hugh
is to
stop wasting your money on super chats
and spend them on your wife
you won't know until you try luke did
you just say you won't know until you
try if super chats are gonna save your
marriage or the ltt shirt
oh really ott store.com
here here i am trying to give people
good advice luke i'm trying to give
people good advice i'm trying to but if
they appeal to
said marriage partner through a super
chat and that marriage partner watches
the want show and then you say it that
could be interpreted as a romantic
gesture but then what if i got it wrong
okay so what if so what if someone sends
me a super chat right to get me to shout
out their wife or their husband to try
to save their marriage and then
inadvertently i say i shout it out i'm
like yeah this is a good marriage it's
worth saving and then and then it ends
up being a bad marriage and not worth
saving and then i have to do an apology
video again
what if the marriage what if they were
better off having never met each other
luke then what
that's just that's just how the cook
crumbles sometimes you know
i just gotta make mythology videos
all right thanks ancient morose and
steven rodriguez who demands that zunes
come back
good luck oh my goodness
that would be
i mean in today's day and age horrible
but back then i actually really liked
zune i never had any money so i didn't
buy one but i really like the software
that i used anyways
theorica don't worry it's all good i
don't actually have a neighbor that
dumps grass over my fence it's chill uh
mgs otakon says i applied for the me
position on the site and was wondering
what made you guys want to get more into
product dev hope my resume catches an
eye or two um
i just have a bunch of ideas for stuff
that i think we could make for
lttstore.com that require a mechanical
engineer who actually has time to work
on mechanical engineering
alex has done a great job on some of the
projects that he's working on right now
but he just
also needs to like be a writer
um
so that's why that's why we've we've got
some stuff that we feel like needs to be
made and there's no one here to make it
so we're gonna hire someone to make it
that's how you do it
yeah uh milky moth says this is my first
time watching the wine show love your
content wanted to show some support well
thank you very much
appreciate it and raphael says do a
video about everyone's mbti and big five
personality types please
what is an mbti
i hope i haven't like
oh man i hope i haven't said something
that's just like horrible or something
it's
oh oh my
yeah
um
i'm whatever the like angry short one is
the little dog little dog syndrome which
one's little dog syndrome
we did this at floatplane a while back
and it was actually
yeah oh that's kind of cool it wasn't
even my idea um aj
i'm pretty sure aj came up with it
but yeah most of them i was like yeah
that makes sense like there wasn't there
wasn't any that really were all that
surprising all right why don't you do me
thank you
anytime um well i've got it up on the
screen
what
you got to use the questions on the
outside of the chart to determine the
four letters
okay analyze me
you put the anal and analyze i know you
do
is he muted okay e for sure
okay so i'm i'm extra virgin
you wouldn't describe me as private
though
no
so well okay yeah but if i have to pick
one or the other you're definitely e and
in this case
the e is like font size 72
and the next three letters are going to
be like normal like font size 18.
like there's just this
e at the beginning
dang
then it goes on to the rest of it
it's like the
markiplier e meme comes back and just
places an e right at the beginning of
your all right so i'm definitely ending
up on the bottom of the chart here
that's uh that's a strong that's a
strong start here strong start
oh you cut back i can't see it now oh oh
i'm sorry you were actually using my
thing oh it's just on wikipedia but yeah
okay
all right i'll leave it up i'll leave it
up
okay i found it
hold on okay i'll take it down
all right it's down it's down we're all
good we're all good we got this
okay
the next one is
i could see it going yeah this is what
i'm saying like these these ones are
more like font size 18. this one i could
kind of see going either way
i i have experienced you acting in both
ways
separately
um
i i think i would go with s
i'm sensing pay attention to concrete
facts and details
don't uh you know run your mouth and
have to make an apology video because
you were a jerk
no that's not in there that doesn't seem
right i prefer ideas that have practical
applications okay i definitely prefer
practical
applications but i also like stuff for
their own sake i don't know
i give them
very much going either way on that yeah
i don't know i think the rest are all
going to kind of be flexible i was
trying to figure you out at the same
time and like honestly you know looking
at even extroversion versus introversion
um you know there are times when
your you could totally be described as
talkative and outgoing but then also i i
i'd probably lean you more towards the
eye side but it's just not that simple
you know yeah yeah i think that's what a
lot of this ultimately is and for me
when i do this e and i tend to flip
depending on like when i take the test
yeah oh yeah totally and even things
like thinking versus feeling like you
definitely enjoy finding flaws in an
argument
he likes finding flaws in arguments
[Laughter]
and you could be described as reasonable
and level-headed
but i would also say you are warm and
empathetic and you value harmony and
forgiveness so it's like it's tough
right
yeah i think i think
it's it's too dependent on the scenario
and people people
you know people kind of flow like water
sometimes and you gotta
yeah i don't know you gotta just hold
out your hands
and uh catch them you know and drink
them up
what you gotta do
it's a tough job someone's gotta do it
some of the quotes from this show
are going to be ridiculous
all right thank you guys very much for
uh tuning in
oh hold on got uh one more one more uh
super chat here uh jack says uh my
girlfriend is brand new to pc gaming
thanks to you do you have a game
recommendation for her
um thanks for all you do also hey luke
all right so luke what's your game
recommendation
uh breath of the wild
i mean you can play probably both of
those games on pc you can definitely
play breath of the wild on pc that's
true technically
buy a copy of it
that you then
like bury in your backyard or whatever
but
all right i hope you guys enjoyed the
show we'll see you again next week same
bedtime same bat channel
bye bye
uh where's the thing hold on a second
there it is
all right roll in that intro outro
whatever it is
raphael super chat soylent drink people
yeah well
only soylent green the soylent thing
that like you can buy now is not people
as far as i know
although if i might say that and it
turns out to be people and i have to
make another apology video
that would suck
it was like oh man i i like
i felt like i was walking into like a a
a court hearing or something
like walking down to set to shoot that i
really didn't want to
do it it wasn't it was good video well
no but i wanted i wanted to do it like i
wouldn't have written it if i didn't
want to do it but i really was
uncomfortable doing it anyway all right
i gotta end the show sorry bye guys